# 2021-10-06 Architecture Approach

## Requirements

1. Reliable and correct processing
   1. events counted exactly once
   2. idempotent.
   3. When the solution reports success on event delivery, the event is 'in the system' 

## Pricing

- Eventhub
  - Basic: 0.013  €/h = 9 €/Month
  - Standard: 0.026  €/h = 19 €/Month
  - Standard + Capture: 0.026+ 0.085 €/h = 80 €/Month

 ## Tech

- Good use case for event sourcing. We write events into Azure EventHub.  (append-only log structure)
- Using the partitioned approach, different applications can write to different partitions. 
- All events which must be aggregated together, i.e. reported together to the metering API,  must be written to the same partition. 
- EventHub records the [`EnqueueTime`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.messaging.eventhubs.eventdata.enqueuedtime?view=azure-dotnet#Azure_Messaging_EventHubs_EventData_EnqueuedTime), i.e. date and time, in UTC, of when the event was enqueued in the partition. This means we can leverage the partition's clock as a 'global' clock for the respective application, to differentiate between different hours. Regardless what the application's 'local wall clock time is', such as timestamp reported on an event, we use the `EnqueueTime` to ensure assignment of an event to one, and only one, hour.

- EventHub also assignt a [`SequenceNumber`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.messaging.eventhubs.eventdata.sequencenumber?view=azure-dotnet#Azure_Messaging_EventHubs_EventData_SequenceNumber), which is assigned to the event when it was enqueued in the associated Event Hub partition. This allows us to implement snapshot creation, i.e. where the aggregate can be regularly snapshotted into blob storage, and event sourcing can resume from the most recent snapshot (check [distributed-search/BusinessDataPump.cs at master · chgeuer/distributed-search (github.com)](https://github.com/chgeuer/distributed-search/blob/master/framework/BusinessDataPump/BusinessDataPump.cs#L104)) 

